companion/HELP.md, before:

# Sennheiser EW DX Series

## Getting started

Just select the device from the module config window and enter the control IP of your EM2/EM4 receiver or network charger and press 'Save'. To control multiple devices, just add the connection several times to your Companion instance.

### Variables

This module stores pretty much all information the connected devices provide - some of them are available as feedbacks - but not all of them! So make sure to explore the "Variables" tab in Companion, to get an overview about all available information (e.g. Mounted Capsule on SKM, Battery charging cycles, transmitter type, etc.)

### EM2/EM4 Status Display Explanation

In the module presets you will find a status display for every receiver channel of your device. It contains the following information:

- Battery Percentage
- Receiver channel name
- Frequency
- RSQI

Beside this information the following icons are used:

![AF Peak](../assets/icons/afpeak.png) AF Peak

![Warning](../assets/icons/warning.png) Warning - one or more warnings are currently present on the receiver channel

![Encryption Disabled](../assets/icons/encryption_disabled.png) Encryption - Disabled

![Encryption Enabled](../assets/icons/encryption_enabled.png) Encryption - Enabled

![Encryption Error](../assets/icons/encryption_error.png) Encryption - Error (for example because Encryption was disabled and enabled again without syncing the transmitters again)

![Mute](../assets/icons/mute.png) Muted - Either the transmitter or receiver is muted

![RSQI Green](../assets/icons/rsqi_green.png) RSQI - Good signal (> 70%)

![RSQI Yellow](../assets/icons/rsqi_yellow.png) RSQI - Medium signal (> 40%)

![RSQI Red](../assets/icons/rsqi_red.png) RSQI - Bad signal (>= 1%)

![RSQI Grey](../assets/icons/rsqi_grey.png) RSQI - No signal / No RSQI information (0%)

![Ant A](../assets/icons/ant_a.png) Antenna - A is currently receiving

![Ant B](../assets/icons/ant_b.png) Antenna - B is currently receiving

![Battery](../assets/icons/battery_green.png) Battery - Shows the remaining battery percentage (> 50% Green, >= 20% Yellow, < 20% Red)

When the RX identification is active (either by triggering from Companion or by pressing the Power Button on a transmitter), a green bar at the bottom of the button is shown. If you are using the preset, the identify action will be already assigned to the button.

### CHG 70N Status Display Explanation

In the module presets you will find a status display for every charging bay of your device. It contains the following information:

- Battery charging Percentage
- Remaining charging time (in minutes)
- Device Type (which device is currently being charged: SKM, BA70, etc.)

Beside this information the following icons are used:

![Warning](../assets/icons/warning.png) Warning - one or more warnings are currently present on the charging bay

![Charging Error](../assets/icons/charging_error.png) Charging Error - The battery can either not get charged or discharged

![Communication Error](../assets/icons/communication_error.png) Communication Error - The charger can't communicate with the battery

![Temperature Error](../assets/icons/temperature_error.png) Temperature Error - The battery temperature is outside of the supported range (either too cold or too hot)

![Overcurrent Error](../assets/icons/overcurrent_error.png) Overcurrent Error - An overcurrent was detected

![Green Dot](../assets/icons/dot_green.png) Bay State: normal

![Red Dot](../assets/icons/dot_red.png) Bay State: not normal - the current bay state is either UPDATE, ERROR, or DFU_MODE

When the bay identification is active, a green bar at the bottom of the button is shown. If you are using the preset, the identify action will be already assigned to the button.

Commit message:

Added external URL to Help file

companion/HELP.md, after:

# Sennheiser EW DX Series

## Important notice

This help file can't be displayed correctly inside of Companion - you can access the [web version here](https://github.com/bitfocus/companion-module-sennheiser-ewdx/blob/main/companion/HELP.md)

## Getting started

Just select the device from the module config window and enter the control IP of your EM2/EM4 receiver or network charger and press 'Save'. To control multiple devices, just add the connection several times to your Companion instance.

### Variables

This module stores pretty much all information the connected devices provide - some of them are available as feedbacks - but not all of them! So make sure to explore the "Variables" tab in Companion, to get an overview about all available information (e.g. Mounted Capsule on SKM, Battery charging cycles, transmitter type, etc.)

### EM2/EM4 Status Display Explanation

In the module presets you will find a status display for every receiver channel of your device. It contains the following information:

- Battery Percentage
- Receiver channel name
- Frequency
- RSQI

Beside this information the following icons are used:

![AF Peak](../assets/icons/afpeak.png) AF Peak

![Warning](../assets/icons/warning.png) Warning - one or more warnings are currently present on the receiver channel

![Encryption Disabled](../assets/icons/encryption_disabled.png) Encryption - Disabled

![Encryption Enabled](../assets/icons/encryption_enabled.png) Encryption - Enabled

![Encryption Error](../assets/icons/encryption_error.png) Encryption - Error (for example because Encryption was disabled and enabled again without syncing the transmitters again)

![Mute](../assets/icons/mute.png) Muted - Either the transmitter or receiver is muted

![RSQI Green](../assets/icons/rsqi_green.png) RSQI - Good signal (> 70%)

![RSQI Yellow](../assets/icons/rsqi_yellow.png) RSQI - Medium signal (> 40%)

![RSQI Red](../assets/icons/rsqi_red.png) RSQI - Bad signal (>= 1%)

![RSQI Grey](../assets/icons/rsqi_grey.png) RSQI - No signal / No RSQI information (0%)

![Ant A](../assets/icons/ant_a.png) Antenna - A is currently receiving

![Ant B](../assets/icons/ant_b.png) Antenna - B is currently receiving

![Battery](../assets/icons/battery_green.png) Battery - Shows the remaining battery percentage (> 50% Green, >= 20% Yellow, < 20% Red)

When the RX identification is active (either by triggering from Companion or by pressing the Power Button on a transmitter), a green bar at the bottom of the button is shown. If you are using the preset, the identify action will be already assigned to the button.

### CHG 70N Status Display Explanation

In the module presets you will find a status display for every charging bay of your device. It contains the following information:

- Battery charging Percentage
- Remaining charging time (in minutes)
- Device Type (which device is currently being charged: SKM, BA70, etc.)

Beside this information the following icons are used:

![Warning](../assets/icons/warning.png) Warning - one or more warnings are currently present on the charging bay

![Charging Error](../assets/icons/charging_error.png) Charging Error - The battery can either not get charged or discharged

![Communication Error](../assets/icons/communication_error.png) Communication Error - The charger can't communicate with the battery

![Temperature Error](../assets/icons/temperature_error.png) Temperature Error - The battery temperature is outside of the supported range (either too cold or too hot)

![Overcurrent Error](../assets/icons/overcurrent_error.png) Overcurrent Error - An overcurrent was detected

![Green Dot](../assets/icons/dot_green.png) Bay State: normal

![Red Dot](../assets/icons/dot_red.png) Bay State: not normal - the current bay state is either UPDATE, ERROR, or DFU_MODE

When the bay identification is active, a green bar at the bottom of the button is shown. If you are using the preset, the identify action will be already assigned to the button.
